c:\users\ssh\documents\visual studio 2012\Projects\DroneApp\DroneApp\bin\Release\DroneApp.dll
c:\users\ssh\documents\visual studio 2012\Projects\DroneApp\DroneApp\bin\Release\DroneApp.pdb
c:\users\ssh\documents\visual studio 2012\Projects\DroneApp\DroneApp\bin\Release\DroneApp.DroneApp.apk
c:\users\ssh\documents\visual studio 2012\Projects\DroneApp\DroneApp\bin\Release\DroneApp.DroneApp-Signed.apk
c:\users\ssh\documents\visual studio 2012\Projects\DroneApp\DroneApp\bin\Release\AR.Drone.Client.dll
c:\users\ssh\documents\visual studio 2012\Projects\DroneApp\DroneApp\bin\Release\AR.Drone.Data.dll
c:\users\ssh\documents\visual studio 2012\Projects\DroneApp\DroneApp\bin\Release\AR.Drone.Infrastructure.dll
c:\users\ssh\documents\visual studio 2012\Projects\DroneApp\DroneApp\bin\Release\AR.Drone.Client.pdb
c:\users\ssh\documents\visual studio 2012\Projects\DroneApp\DroneApp\bin\Release\AR.Drone.Data.pdb
c:\users\ssh\documents\visual studio 2012\Projects\DroneApp\DroneApp\bin\Release\AR.Drone.Infrastructure.pdb
c:\users\ssh\documents\visual studio 2012\Projects\DroneApp\DroneApp\obj\Release\DroneApp.csprojResolveAssemblyReference.cache
c:\users\ssh\documents\visual studio 2012\Projects\DroneApp\DroneApp\obj\Release\DroneApp.dll
c:\users\ssh\documents\visual studio 2012\Projects\DroneApp\DroneApp\obj\Release\DroneApp.pdb
c:\users\ssh\documents\visual studio 2012\Projects\DroneApp\DroneApp\obj\Release\android\bin\DroneApp.DroneApp.apk
c:\users\ssh\documents\visual studio 2012\Projects\DroneApp\DroneApp\obj\Release\res\layout\main.xml
c:\users\ssh\documents\visual studio 2012\Projects\DroneApp\DroneApp\obj\Release\res\values\strings.xml
c:\users\ssh\documents\visual studio 2012\Projects\DroneApp\DroneApp\obj\Release\res\drawable\icon.png
c:\users\ssh\documents\visual studio 2012\Projects\DroneApp\DroneApp\obj\Release\R.cs.flag
c:\users\ssh\documents\visual studio 2012\Projects\DroneApp\DroneApp\obj\Release\uploadflags.txt
c:\users\ssh\documents\visual studio 2012\Projects\DroneApp\DroneApp\bin\Release\AR.Drone.Client.dll.mdb
c:\users\ssh\documents\visual studio 2012\Projects\DroneApp\DroneApp\bin\Release\AR.Drone.Data.dll.mdb
c:\users\ssh\documents\visual studio 2012\Projects\DroneApp\DroneApp\bin\Release\AR.Drone.Infrastructure.dll.mdb
C:\Users\ssh\documents\visual studio 2012\Projects\DroneApp\DroneApp\bin\Release\CommunicationLibrary.dll
C:\Users\ssh\documents\visual studio 2012\Projects\DroneApp\DroneApp\bin\Release\Newtonsoft.Json.dll
C:\Users\ssh\documents\visual studio 2012\Projects\DroneApp\DroneApp\bin\Release\CommunicationLibrary.pdb
C:\Users\ssh\documents\visual studio 2012\Projects\DroneApp\DroneApp\bin\Release\Newtonsoft.Json.xml
